Indicate that Nested Content is obsolete (#4753)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: umbraco-cms/fundamentals/backoffice/property-editors/built-in-umbraco-property-editors/nested-content.md

# Nested Content (Legacy)

{% hint style="info" %} We highly recommend that you use the [Block List](../block-editor/block-list-editor.md) instead.

> Nested Content has been marked as obsolete and will be removed from future versions of Umbraco. {% endhint %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nested Content has been marked as obsolete and development on the property editor has been discontinued. {% endhint %}
```
